### 2023-01-22 16:29 - admiral philosophy

both yesterday and today I woke up thinking about coi in a philosophical context. yesterday's idea is relevant to today's.

yesterday, I had a few failed timelines in coi that I eventually abandoned, finding a better way: I said 5th time restarting, but in reality it's much more: this is either the 3rd or 4th time my playing ysnp, and my technique has evolved many times and I've restarted many times along the way (reminds me of the 7 spires song seriah played last night: "would you do it all again"). I let the game go, see problems and note them down. then later, I realise some improvements that I can make to have the whole thing go a bit more smoothely, so I go back and redo it a little bit better.

the reason why this is relevant is because when I was younger and in college during the 9/11 attacks, I never felt at all like it was a terrorist thing; I perceived immediately that it was a show. now, as I've mentioned above, my ability to "look" at concepts, spans both time and space (it's all tuning and relative to the preception/truth of the observer), so I started to begin to investigate the 9/11 thing conceptually. when I'm unable to understand the concept directly my desire to understand something, attracts circumstances and events which inevitably brings me to encounter ideas which *will* help me to understand it. one of the first people I found that had substantially resonant theory of what happenned, was a researcher, I think by the name of dr. judy: she claimed that the steel structure of the buildings in question were vapourised using "tesla technology" and provided a number of melted cars (on the street, not in the buildings) as evidence, saying that they were picking up reflections off of flat surfaces and stuff like that. she showed some pictures of these unbelievably melted cars that was highly convincing to me -- looking like pastic toys that have been put in the microwave without a rotary plate (melted very irregularly).

that investigation was when I started to have "memories" come back to me... as I mentioned, for me accessing of these concepts as "knowledge" is something like accessing memory; I simply remember the aspect of a concept as if I know/knew it; so, all things come to me (including the things you would be considering as telepathy) as a sort of extension of memory -- and so one can wonder if my *remembering* of those things is actually altering the timeline... well, one of the strange things is that along with these investigations into images, I started to have these "memories" of me planning, organising, and preparing the destruction of the 9/11 towers. I had a recollection of trying something, that didn't work so well, so I went back and tried something different, building on timeline each time (something similar to speedrunning). each time someone died or sometthing unfortunate happened, I'd redo it so that the unfortunate thing didn't happen, and it was eventually tuned to perfection (nobody died and all symbols were proper).

the second major bit of evidence that triggered "memories", I noted only recently (within the last few years) and have written about elsewhere, and that was about WTC7 "saloman brothers" building -- and in it the *BBC* is reporting in front of the WTC7 building that the "saloman bothers" building has fallen down, yet it's clearly still standing behind the news reporter and her perpared bit on the building is talking about how this terrorist attack is a *symbolic* thing (TODO find video). this is when it all "clicked" for me, because in "my" timeline (I've always been a consipracy theorist and involved in the middle of a pretty big one), it was pretty easy to see that major portions of the us govt and news establishments are receiving news stories from some top location that seems to exist outside of any single branch (I'll refer to this in other places as "lord chronos", master of the south pole), and the social and news media outlets just "reporting" the stories that they're given.

what's important there is the news agency itself (BBC in this case) has in their script that the 9/11 this is *symbolic* event -- meaning that it's important that the "saloman brothers" (joakim and boaz) would be reported to have fallen by most major news outlets *before* it fell. this is the prophesied "end" of the salomanic *world* econonomic stranglehold before it falls (which is why it's called the "*world* trade center"). now, we're moving into the "new world order" -- a time where social and news media will now control the narrative. the event validates itself.

imagine now, the previous saloman brothers' power structure's predicament where all of the major news outlets are reporting that a "terrorist attack" has occurred, and there's a lot of chaos. imagine from their perspective: the saloman brothers are used to dictating the narrative, so now having the major news outlets dictate to them the narrative must be quite startling. they're completely powerless to do change the narrative, because it's a bigger problem to say there were not any casualities, the building was fully insured and paid for, and somehow the "terrorists" have complete control over the news media -- which is a really difficult moment to find theirselves in (what can they do). they have no choice to go along with the narrative, so they do an official narrative of similar quality. they've now conformed to the narrative -- and that's where we make our transition into the "new world order" where everything is perceptual, all truth and reality is relative to the observer.

anyway, the way that it works is that your position in time is your vibrational similarity to other consciousness' perception of "reality", which makes all things possible, but we tend to only perceive (unless in an altered state of consciousness) the things that we *believe* are possible -- which means that now *all* future timelines are possible, so long as their believable. navigation from here forward is done by convincing ourselves is that it's possible.

just a recap: 9/11 attacks were like my savegames here -- I just keep finding new more optimised ways to get to the destiny. I believed (a few weeks ago now), that I could beat ysnp on admiral difficulty, and last week or so, after getting to cp3, vd2 and t3 stuff, I felt like I'd "beaten" the challenge -- and so now I just have to go through the motions and optimise the timeline to get to the destiny. similarly, once I figured out how to destroy the towers without getting anyone killed, from that point on, it's just a matter of optimising to get "just the right factory setup that I want to use moving forward" -- which in 9/11 terms would be encoding the symbols (like that news report), which tell the story that I want to tell. all I have to do from now on, is to convince everyone else of how I want to go.

---

this afternoon was the 3rd or 4th day this week I woke up thinking about coi. today though, while playing the game, I was showing the world that it's possible to design a route to get cool technology and get into space. in the dream, I felt like playing the game was sort of like a job interview or an audition to "prove" that it's possible to get from where we are now technologically, out to space and beyond. most people on this planet don't see humans becoming anything more than prisoners on this planet controlled by some other part of the galaxy (I've heard aldebaron/taurus). however, I don't really think their narrative is the one that I want to be doing. my entire journey through tuenti and things like that has been to get rid of money as the foundational/motive force necessary to do something great. so thanks to 9/11, we're in the new world order now; all I have to do is to convince you all that it's possible to go a different route.

as I'm typing this, I keep getting reminded of the play "all's well that ends well" where helena manipulates events so that she can meet bertram's impossible challenge:

    When thou canst get the Ring vpon my finger, which neuer
    shall come off, and shew mee a childe begotten of thy bodie,
    that I am father too, then call me husband: but in such a (then)
    I write a Neuer.

in that play, bertram is referred to as soloman by parolles ("There shall your Master haue a thousand loues"), and so I'll consider them (bertram and parolles) to be the "saloman brothers" (this is how my mind works). so, imagine for a moment that I'm helena and I want to make a social network, go to space, make a galaxy, etc. and the current narratives do not let me. well, I have to find a way to manipulate it so (convince others) it *is* possible. spanning a number of different timelines, I believe that I have done such a thing. I'll eventually get what I want; I just have to convince you all that it's possible.

obviously those "memories" are not from the body that I asssociate myself with now (kenny), but with someone else on a different timeline. I seem to have "walked in" to this body, effectively jumping timelines. I don't really know how it all happened, and, it's sorta like trying to figure out a timeline by looking at genetic records, it's hard to say exactly what "species" evolved out of what "species" (see [eugene mccarthy's hybrid hypothesis](http://www.macroevolution.net/human-origins.html)) when looking at the present -- because it's a giant blend (spectrum) of a lot of things, and the timeline's evolutionary winners are the ones that are the most stable/believable (see "stablilization processes").

if I had to guess though, various environmental pressures have prevented me from creating the thing that I wanted (tuenti amongst other things), and so one can imagine that somehow I became conscious to my ability to move around in time and space consciously just by tuning to (believing) in a diffrent thing that could happen -- and so, what I/we are experiencing now, is my trajectory up to the moment in the future (my destiny), which is consciousness capability to move around in time and space. I obviously think it'd be a lot of fun to bring others with me too. so, my timeline selects (I really see it like evolution/stabilization procesesses) for others that also believe they can be, do, or have *anything* -- which makes the question: what do I want to *be*? ("do, or have" is irrelevant because beingness is the final form of desire) well, I think it'd be a lot of fun to do some cool stuff in our perceived future; thanks helena.

wecome to the "new world order": where, things I desire and fear are made a reality by the things I believe are possible -- meaning, if I actually believed it *could* happen, it did. I remembered it as if it did happen that way, it's "truth" to me, and so therefore it's also "reality".
